an introduction to Treasure Island.
Treasure Island is a famous story.
The hero, Jim Hawkins, finds Captain Flint's map.
Captain Flint was a pirate and had lots of gold.
He hid his gold before he died,
and there is a cross on the map to show where the gold is.
It is on an island in the Caribbean Sea.
Jim and his friends buy a ship,
get some men, and go to the island to look for the gold.
They set sail,
but then they discover that long John Silver, the cook,
and the other men on the ship are all pirates.
The pirates are planning to kill them.
As soon as they get to the island, Jim and his friends fight the pirates.
The pirates do not kill them, but take the map.
The pirates go to look for the gold, and Jim follows them.
Although they find the place, the gold is not there.
Later, Jim knows it is because of Ben Gunn.
Jim meets Ben Gunn on the island,
and he tells Jim and his friends his story.
He tells them he was a pirate, a friend of Captain Flint.
He has now decided not to be a pirate.
Ben Gunn found the gold sometime before.
He agrees to share it with Jim and his friends,
because they will take him back to England.
When Jim and his friends leave the island, Ben goes with them.
All of the pirates have to stay on the island,
except long John Silver.
Although he is also a pirate, he helps Jim and his friends.
On their way home, they stop in America for one night.
In the morning, they find that long John Silver has gone.
And he has taken some of the gold.
When they get back to England, Jim decides never to go looking for gold again.